we can see the Christmas presents from
the hallway upstairs so you told the
kids what they had to see in their room
last night before they wake up and they
had to scream for us and the baby
monitor their Christmas present in their
room to go down there and here are the
Christmas present so you can see from
the hall they're supposed to come down
the stairs and guess what they are I
want to get it on video what student
says
nobody
where's grandma get your mom babe get
your mom she's not down here
they're making a video you can take
pictures because I won't have pictures
of this part let's wake right here now
let's let you I guess what do you think
you see over there like Topher behind
gramma big presents here so what do you
think what what do you think there was
no idea what we're gonna do this we're
gonna do don't say anything yet don't
say anything yet okay now they don't
want you to wind up right here right
here
Giulio on up right here okay the air
doesn't line up right here okay when I
say go you can take the blanket offer
you ready you ready all right
what do you guys think Kandi's off see
you later buddy
I kind of thought that's how it go oh
you think you think you can handle it
everybody you got well I suppose you
could if you're laughing oh yeah it's
giving uncle James a tour of its buttons
like they say yeah all right let's see
you have to move your paddle out of the
way all right